good afternoon we are in the favor and one
of the great favorites of the fans
in the tournament ians
Oscar Perez informs yesterday the eve of
the third adventure search if there are good
well then we are here again
the truth that yes the third year and
every year we finish tenth that will be
the last time but the repeatable torque
It has a hitch that is as posed no
the extent that they go through the days and
the months then it makes you come back to us
an edition of the web plus probably
the pair oscar pérez héctor de ians
have been found then let's say two
soulmates in a certain sense because
the kind of career that you like
that fills you with mountains
mountain mountain solitude to adventure
clear few more sites than the bull you the
can provide in this way that is
special study in the bull good I think
that the lathe as you say you do not
offers all that and apart that you value
not just a career that can win the
faster but they intervene a lot
more factor of new sleep management
a bit of strategy at the time when
all the races but especially the
soil management and assess the torque
value is I think you can try to go
very fast and what it looks like last year
at the end then the most comment
bayern that double you can not tell us
something about the end of last year
because I think it's probably the
most exciting end of all the tor
because the two both iker like that
there is a fabulous career I think
that you both knew because the
moment of goal if you discount a little to
the people how you lived it your not good the
true that
now agree very well I think what to do
when there were thirty or forty
miles out there then it's a
little special was perhaps the key point
where I was very well and decided
do not do not squeeze maybe everything that could
have squeezed in that moment but then
I think it's good and that the budget
dose very well the forces in the
last in the last kilometers I have
arrived then very well but that was
in the race there were many moments
classic with cole not with me I left them
a little bit in that battle and I stayed apart
and then as it says on the second night
came the wolf began to eat hours and the
thing was even in ten minutes I
I think at one point in the end they were
20 meters remember will give records and
reviewing the times with a
twenty twenty minutes yes but
to the stowage head posts three
forty hours I'm looking at the year
past the times I do not know the truth that
I think it starts from a
kilometer 200 and peak told that it is a
dog the second night you know that you
be a third if you go well but it is
as if it were a skull of our if
result what would be the barrier of
kilometer 40 50 good so here it is
much much later I do not get it right
At that point, the truth is that
important not to find you
environment because you know that you still have
many kilometers and a lot of time to
to be able to advance in cutting time
for the popular runners who dream
with running here every time is more
Spanish people
you who go to the popular common mountain the
people
oscar wants to run here like a popular
more without external support some will not
to say already I say it is like one more than
material you will carry more to be able
be covered here you have eaten
up to 17 under doing evil until a
couple of years
how he organizes his backpack to be
sure and at the same time light clear good is
material or do you have to both
material like you have
before I did not prove it had lived that
situation in the mountains and I the backpack
well we need a good gore and a
pants I've seen out there pants that
some carry you look like covers paints
this when you're painting to cover
It has stain but the truth is that
It is good that the forecasts will
be a little bit better
benevolent until Wednesday so
less but the warm clothes do not
lack I prefer to take a little more
weight and do not skimp you never know that you
I will pass not always yes of those who
they think the organization is there
but you can not consider 100% for it
you do not have to stop you have to be
one night out there lost but so
unless you have something something warm and
good that I can always carry
when I go to mountain or not so heavy
but I always say that when that
Mountain Nobody comes to your house to check
to check that a backpack is true
this kind of evidence you also do not have
to be convinced of what you wear
what can you get
some idea so that people can
the weight that a backpack can have and
we are talking about a person who has
burst the record here
and I need backpack what weight
we can be talking good if you count
in the liter and a half of normal change in
that you go out then the polar the 19 test only
he is wearing, he discovers trousers he has
all indications of kilos the gps more
the batteries plus the two front plus the
batteries is quietly in the 7x
estates the canes that also that
take them because they and the
estates that I go out with them until the
final
return hand injuries if the
Current positions added weight super
thank you very much to download and
tomorrow invokes the group again force
thank you all invoke on youtube